# HungerGames
Hunger Games plugin for Pocketmine-MP

PocketMine-MP Plugin 
HungerGames
Author: TuffDev

General Description:  This is a Survival Games mini-game plugin to be used for PocketMine servers.  The Survival Games mini-game runs as a follows:

- Players can run the command /spawnmatch to join an open match, or they can tap a command block or Human Slappable statue (requires edited Slappable plugin).  When the command is issued, the player is warped to a spawnpoint that is preset by the owner.  Once the arena is full to capacity, a countdown begins.  At the completion of the countdown, all the chests that are set to be resettable are filled with items, and the match begins.  Currently there is no immunity at the beginning of the match, so players who dash for the center of the map (usually where a large stash of chests is) will participate in a bit of a bloodbath, as per the fictional Hunger Games.

-  Players can PvP and attempt to survive as they explore the map and find more chests, if a player is killed, they are put in Spectator mode until the end of the match.

- At the end of the match, winners are all the remaining survivors, all winners will be commended for their fight, and will be sent back to the server's lobby.

Commands:

-  /newarena <id> <capacity>:  This command creates a new arena which will be saved to the config as its ID.  The 'capacity' parameter sets the capacity of the arena.

- /addlobby: This command sets the lobby spawn of the server to wherever the user is standing when the command is issued.

- /setchest:  After issuing this command, the user can then place a chest that will be resettable.  All chests placed after issuing this command become resettable and will be reset during the matches.

- /arenaspawn <arenaId>: This command will add a spawnpoint to the specified arena.

- /spawnmatch: This command will teleport the issuer to an open match.

Config:

Most of the config is generated by commands, edit it only if you know what you're doing OR if you are adding chest items.  Using the config file, you can add items that will be randomly selected to be placed in chests periodically.  You can do this by finding the “chestitems:” category, and then adding the NUMBER ID of each item below it like this:
 
chestitems:
 - 267
 - 298
 - 299
